[Applause]
[Music]
there a lot of pressure on you of what
you're wearing because everybody's
looking at it all the time and
evaluating it basically yeah there is so
then you can't really just run out of
the house in your like robe or something
to get the mail can you know I do you do
I mean not in a few years I haven't but
I did you did something remarkable you
actually got something done in
Washington DC which is remarkable you
went to visit with the President of the
United States
how did this happen in like how did it
get to that point um I knew that there
was only one person in power that can
make this change and get this woman out
of prison that was serving a life
sentence John Marie Johnson she's been
in prison for what for a nonviolent
first-time drug offense how long had she
been in there
uh 20 what 22 years 22 years yes and she
was a phone mule so she would answer the
phone she didn't touch drugs didn't know
quantities anything like that and she
got life how did you find out about her
in the first place on Twitter just at
that moment I was looking at Twitter and
I saw the news story come up in a video
of her and I just connected with her and
I just thought to myself you know what I
I want to do what I can to try to help
her something good finally happened on
Twitter and so you go to the I know I
know Twitter is a very important part of
your life I nothing so you go to the
Oval Office yes and president Trump is
there yes and this seemed to be and I
study him like like Jane Goodall studies
her primates this seemed to be the
happiest day of his his presidency look
at his like
honestly it was I mean I walk in mm-hmm
and I'm like I look around and I'm kind
of starstruck from the Oval Office and
the first thing I say in our meeting I
say holy we're in the Oval Office
[Music]
first thing I said and I had to take a
moment to be like wait we're really here
yeah especially weird that he's there
right very grateful and I'm very hopeful
that more good things are gonna come out
over conversation you have a list now of
people that you might ask him to release
from prison I do I've been working as
milania on it we love milania's he needs
to be freed so you have you do have
other people because well I don't
imagine now everyone's contacting you
saying this person is in prison wrongly
and this person needs and that must be a
lot to negotiate I get a stack of
letters every day that I read you do
when I'm in Glam Wow and I I mean you
know I recently went to a women's prison
because I felt like you know I connected
to this but I don't have any personal
experience so I wanted to go and just
kind of see for myself what the
conditions are what goes on and I did
feel bad I mean when they saw that I was
there they were like banging on the
windows like Kim's here to get us out
banging on the windows oh no that's a
lot of pressure yeah yeah you're the
Liberator now that's crazy but I'm
really hopeful there's a lot of positive
things and Bill's that you know we're
trying to get past that I'm really
hopeful about how long between asking
the President to commute her sentence
and the sentence being commuted how long
was that about a week and how do you
find out that he agreed to do it he
called me oh he did so I was at a
Stephen Klein photo shoot and if anyone
knows who he
it's pretty much a nude shoot I see okay
so my phone rings and I'm all glammed up
and I'm like like give me a row but my
vote you know and I was waiting for the
call not knowing if it you know what it
was gonna come even if it was it and it
was it you were naked when Donald Trump
called hey I put a robe on I was in a
robe
and I was kind of bugging out during the
shoot because I'm like oh my god all
these amazing things are happening and
I'm still gonna be me so I'm like doing
this shoot and I was I was like what do
we do do I you know do I do this nude
shoot don't I do this nude shoot and I
did it and yeah so and then I had to
call Alice to tell from the shoe did
with the doesn't it no you were just in
like a robe and nothing else release the
whole prison if you told us what a small
open so you called Alice then I called
Alice what it's wrestling and I I mean I
didn't know that I was the first person
telling her they had called her up and
she thought it was her daily or weekly
attorney call Wow
so I wrote the news to her and it was
just crying I did yeah and I was at this
photo shoot and there you know I didn't
like trying to not cry my makeup off oh
yeah yeah it was really emotional that's
pretty great I mean that's really like
you know going
and I know that you're not necessarily a
trump supporter I know your husband
Kanye seems to like him a lot does he
still like him yeah I think he really
really left yeah do you guys argue about
that is that something do you talk
politics and like have debates about you
know what no because I always respect
what other person thinks and and you
know to make it clear when Kanye we
would talk about it and we would talk
about policies and he doesn't
necessarily agree with the policies he
likes his kind of just his his
personality and how he made it to be
president when everyone really
underestimated him so he identifies with
it in a way even though he doesn't
necessarily agree with what Donald Trump
do so he doesn't really dig deep into
what's going on so and I always knew
that and I always know what he meant but
I have nothing bad to say about the
president right you still have people on
the list either you know and I wasn't I
had no I had no idea what to expect and
going in there I just was like look I'm
gonna be focused and it really turned my
idea around in this category for sure
yeah thanks for watching and remember
every time you click the subscribe
button one of your enemies gets
destroyed